DOC-4287: Add invitees field configuration for space template (#98)
exoplatform/exo-documentation: docs/SpaceTemplates.rst

+-------------------------+------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| **homePageApplication** | ``SpaceApplication``         | The application to use in the home page of a space.                                          |
+-------------------------+------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| **applications**        | list of ``SpaceApplication`` | The list of the applications that are installed by default to a new space.                   |
+-------------------------+------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. tip:: The ``permissions`` parameter is a list of membership expressions separated by ";" character.
         Example: ``exo.social.space.template.custom.permissions=*:/platform/administrators;*:/platform/web-contributors`` , only members of /platform/administrators and /platform/web-contributors can view ``custom`` template and use it.

> .. tip:: The ``invitees`` parameter is a list of user and space names separated by "," character.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. tip:: The ``invitees`` parameter is a  comma-separated list of user and space names.
```

Author: ok

>          Example: ``exo.social.space.template.custom.invitees=userA,space A,userB`` , the users userA, userB and all space A members will be added to the invitees for space having ``custom`` template.

Reviewer: are you sure space character us possible ? Is it the pretty name of the space  ? same for users, is it the username or full name ?

Author: Yes, for spaces it is the pretty name (the same name which is displayed in the spaces list), for users it is the username (without spaces, as displayed in the user management table). I will explain this more :+1:

>          The invitees will be added to the users input of the space creation popup. The user can remove any entry using the "x" icon.

Reviewer: This does not seem to belong to dev guide. 
May be mentioned in user guide if not already @hghorbel

Author: Okay, I remove it

            ...
        </external-component-plugins>

> This will add "tasks" application to the "custom" space template. The "tasks" application will be the third application in the "custom" space created according to the "order" field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will add "tasks" application to the "custom" space template. The "tasks" application will be the third application in the space created from this template according to the "order" field.
```

Author: ok
